Well, already created the rectangle and everything, no, I need to mention the ball collision part
here.
So let us create that jack map with the ball or even chicken eating by mentioning as ball collision.
Material.
Now, for that purpose, an ingenious effort.
Which is risky for each.
You can check it.
For.
And I is equal to zero again and again.
So I mentioned like a four year.
I use less than map, I'm in ecstasy, which is I'm going to create it later, in later part my billing.
Otherwise, I will explain the code.
Also, it will be beneficial for you also.
In that also, I'm going to check here other mental.
Geez, listen again, my.
And zero pollution have not met, which is basically what everyone I'm going to use here is my primary
dataset for my plant.
And joblessness as usual.
So I'm going to use your as you can check here just again and again for.
You can check your internet for Loop that link that.
Now, if.
What a map.
Not, man.
Is going to exceed then I out of.
If we're going to achieve that, then I object.
Schools should be plus plus, but our worry and everything should be changed, so for that purpose and
mentioning.
Indique.
X is equal to G-Star.
Matt, which is basically nothing but changing the world and everything which is going to create later,
let's 80.
So we can assume that it will be disappear on their part.
And now with similar.
But here I'm going to mention why.
51, which is again increasing.
And.
But would.
Is equal to.
MassDOT Brickwood.
So that's a little creative with.
So it's giving me a because it's not defined with a malfunction is not generated and.
And for good ginger ale, it's not liquid, always.
Deduced, which induced state.
And with this, I'm going to create.
Similar thing again, Brick.
Right.
The recount would be quite.
OK, so I need to mention this.
No, I need to create one rectangular thing here.
Which is, again, one map function, you can check rectangle, correct?
Integral to new.
Again, I'm taking part of rectangular with brick.
The I'm going to use your.
Brick by I'm going to use here.
Really come going to use you and with Brick.
I did basically my four dimensional everything's brick height, not wheeltug in height.
So.
That seems like it, OK?
No, similarly, I need to create a rectangle for a ball.
So I created a ball, but I need to mention ball in a rectangle.
So this is not visible actually, but its act like a rectangle to check bouncing and everything.
So.
New rectangle, always as in Java.
The term ball position.
X ball position.
Why?
And I guess his starting point is doing enough.
And the one thing remaining is a rectangle.
And the tangled.
Correct.
New York is equal to it, so it will need dramatically while anything on exactly that part.
So no, I am going to create or right or left bouncing part, so I'm going to create one.
You're bouncing mechanism of over.
Also mentioned is bouncing off.
Give.
Balancing mechanism of basically.
So if my bone.
Game Ball is going to react with ball rectangle a intercepts that middle part, which is brick.
So, OK, so what I will do is first, I will create your one brake mechanism, not bouncing brake mechanism
motion game.
Which is very important to I will create a big mechanism after that, I will create that bouncing mechanism.
If you think that intersects with that big rectangle.
So.
Always, I need to mention you've doing this and prescriptive, small, so.
Very correct.
What will happen?
Matt?
Said, I'm going to create in that malfunction, if you.
You look at my community, so you just basically disappear.
Uh, no need to worry about dysfunctionally just basically disappearing that brick.
School will be increasing for you.
As this is my method to remove, including flame and purple bricks.
If you zoom minus minus, which is basically degrees, this will be degrees in the colder.
OK.
Now I need to mention.
When Ball hit to they turn left of the.
And basically, just like intercepting or intercepting that part, but I haven't mentioned.
Michael?
One.
It to right or left of it, you know, it disappeared because just like the thing of that big so it
can be bounced from that part also, or it can be hitting that part of huge government not letting you
know.
Oh, I will complete, and it's OK.
Now I need to create the logic for that also.
If.
One.
Position.
The extradition was in the direction.
Less 19.
Is less than or equal to one rectangular, she's basically bald, rectangular x coordinate.
What?
You can create the conditions for auto install all pole position.
Again, which is basically my right part of.
You know, but less one.
Now you remember why I am not giving again or 1990 levels.
If I'm concerned as more part of left now, I should mention less part of rate of that.
So.
But again, rectangular, very correct.
And.
Wait a minute.
What is this degree or?
We do need.
It should not be moral position, it should be brief, correct?
Let me do one thing here.
I'm going to change this variable because I'm confusing wrong in Indonesia.
You know, Molly and Bill, so I'm mentioning as an issue, it should be very clear.
And should will be correct now, it's considerable.
You just like this X.
And explosion, basically, that's not complete logic, plus it should be.
But, Greg?
Not.
We're the touchstone.
So let me mention.
So that's a different matter.
If that happens.
More deduction should be changed because just like you did.
Well, it's different from the beginning, so I'm going to change that bold direction, not opposed
to it.
When top to bottom.
Top or bottom, not top to bottom.
Top to bottom, on top or bottom of that part brick.
I need to mention its condition here.
I mean, all of data contributing.
We can assume that it would be negative.
That's basically opposite of that.
So in the ASO Mansingh condition of our.
So I need to break.
You're just basically breaking the epoch, which is I'm not going to continuously calling this again
and again.
So these things are enough, I guess.
OK, enough.
Oh, no, I need to mention one thing here.
Which is we are no.
Out off, you're going to kill this one collision, No.
One small collision is done.
I need to specify.
This says bold, because for further creating and everything.
I am updating.
My bold directions, the Gimbel direction, I'm going to update.
So now what I'm going to create is very simple, just mountain conditions.
If you know this part, it's very helpful or otherwise you can drop this part on.
So it's not very important, but for seamless gameplay, I'm going to clear this.
Otherwise, you have to again and again closing and opening the games or or such purpose and creating
this.
Now, it's very similar.
Now, if I'm mentioning right, and I should mention here, why, because I already created this.
So he's just basically moving or bouncing condition here, if it's less than zero.
It's the opposite.
If again, this should be why and this is why.
So these four top and bottom.
Now let me mention for lower and upper part.
So for my concern, there should not be any.
Conditions for or which is basically left and right should be that it's condition because we know that
it's going to.
You mean the game when we're apart.
So I'm sure these things are done and depend on call, which is basically.
Calling these things again.
So now we are done with our gameplay mechanism.
So now what teams are remaining, which is basically map generator functions, which is I'm going to
create it, which is basically very similar to these things, but I'm going to use some color strokes
graphics to mechanisms which will be helpful to create a map generator.
So in the later part, I'm going to create one map generator function.
So in that part, you will understand what is the map generator?
And I'm going to call that in me.
Hope you understand.
Thank you.